reword readme to not reference being a fork anymore (#5)
openhab/openhab-jruby: CHANGELOG.md

## [5.0.0](https://github.com/openhab/openhab-jruby/compare/4.45.2...main)

5.0 is the first release as the officially supported gem of the openHAB organization.

> Many thanks to [@boc-tothefuture](https://github.com/boc-tothefuture), [@jimtng](https://github.com/jimtng), and [@pacive](https://github.com/pacive) for their work on the latter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many thanks to [@boc-tothefuture](https://github.com/boc-tothefuture), [@ccutrer](https://github.com/ccutrer), [@jimtng](https://github.com/jimtng), and [@pacive](https://github.com/pacive) for their work on the previous versions.
```
